Release 3.3.0 (#143)
nzzdev/Q-table: README.md

<img src="/doc/footnotes.png" align="right" width=302 height=437>

> Footnotes are a feature to display annotations in the table and the sources in the footer of the table. It uses the `metaData` feature of [Q-Editor](https://github.com/nzzdev/Q-editor/blob/d27d6f9e88a982b10e9e812139712026a7971977/client/src/elements/schema-editor/schema-editor-table.js). Similar footnotes will be merged together.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Footnotes are a feature to display annotations in the table and the sources in the footer of the table. It uses the `metaData` feature of [Q-Editor](https://github.com/nzzdev/Q-editor/blob/d27d6f9e88a982b10e9e812139712026a7971977/client/src/elements/schema-editor/schema-editor-table.js). Footnotes with the same text will be merged together.
```
